🚩 The password for the next level is stored in the file data.txt, which is a hexdump of a file that has been repeatedly compressed.
For this level it may be useful to create a directory under /tmp in which you can work. Use mkdir with a hard to guess directory name. Or better, use the command “mktemp -d”. Then copy the datafile using cp, and rename it using mv (read the manpages!)

///   In a hex dump, each byte (8 bits) is represented as a two-digit hexadecimal number. Hex dumps are commonly organized into rows of 8 or 16 bytes,

✏️ Command Learned :
     mkdir, cp, mv, bzip2, gzip, tar

It is little bit complex

1. Log in to level.
2.  There is file with name data.txt, but this file is hexdump file.
3. First make it non hexa format, change to  binary format.
4. There is, the file is not human-readable.
5. This file is not human readable due to compression. To  make it readable, just decommrepss it.
6. First look at the file type.
7. $ file data.txt, the data type is gzip.
    // We must change the name by adding an extension according to the file type to tell the shell that the file is in a format (gz, bz2, or tar), so that commands like gzip, bzip2, or tar can be used.
Because the shell must be told the format of a file, even if the file is already in type (gz, bz2, or tar), the shell cannot understand it.

8. Type data now is gzip, rename with mv command to data.gz
9. Use gzip command with flag -d  to decommpress data.gz.
10. Look again to the type file. The type is already changed again to bzip2
11. rename it again with extention data.bz2. And use bzip2 with option -d to decompress it.
                // repeat this until it is formatted (tar)
12. Change the name file with tar extention.
13. Use tar command with -x flag to extrack that file. $ tar -f data.tar -x
14. a file named data5.bin will appear
15. Check type file of data5.bin, the type is stil tar.
16. Change name, and extrack it with the same way stap 12. File with data6 appear.
17. checked, and the type still tar. Extraction is requireid. Extrack it with the same previous way, and file data8.bin appear.
18. The type data8.bin is gzip, rename with gz and decompress it.
19. Password solved 🔑 [ FO5dwFsc0cbaIiH0h8J2eUks2vdTDwAn ]



