Bandit Level 26 → 27

This level was surprisingly tricky. As a beginner, I would never have thought of the solution on my own, so I had to look up a few references to understand what was going on.

One important lesson I took away from this challenge is that even if a system administrator tries to restrict a user's access, there may still be legitimate features or overlooked behaviors that can be used to work around those restrictions. 
Understanding how Linux works under the hood often reveals possibilities that aren't obvious at first.

One of the concepts I learned is the purpose of the /etc/passwd file.

Every user account on a Linux system has an entry in this file, which stores basic information about the account.

bandit25:x:11025:11025:bandit level 25:/home/bandit25:/bin/bash
---------------------------------------------------------------
1        2  3      4         5              6            7

Each field is separated by a colon (:).

Username – The login name of the user.
Password placeholder – The x indicates that the account has a password, but the actual password hash is stored separately in /etc/shadow for security reasons.
UID (User ID) – A unique numerical identifier assigned to the user.
GID (Group ID) – The numerical identifier of the user's primary group.
GECOS field – An optional field that stores additional information about the account, such as a description or the user's full name. In this case, it simply says "bandit level 25."
Home directory – The user's default working directory after logging in. This is where personal files are typically stored.
Login shell – The program that is launched automatically after the user logs in. In most cases this is /bin/bash, but it can be changed to another shell or even to a custom program, depending on how the account is configured.
-------------------------------------------------------------------


To clear this level, you need to log in using an SSH private key.
There is a flaw in the login logic, but we can exploit a specific vulnerability by shrinking the terminal window. Making the screen smaller interrupts the login sequence, causing it to load incompletely.
Once the loading freezes, you can trick the system into launching 'vi' editor mode. From there, manually force the shell path to change, and then spawn a normal terminal command prompt.
After successfully breaking through, you will gain full access to the machine and secure the password.

PASSWORD SOLVED [ STJLJBRRphMxKB392CT4iOr5CbzPU9ER ]
